Release v1.0.0 (#53)
lacework/terraform-azure-activity-log: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

> Another day, another release. These are the release notes for the version `v0.3.4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another day, another release. These are the release notes for the version `v1.0.0`.
```
